well Tom my fellow hot-rodders out there
this is the 1953 Pontiac chieftain and
like I'm raising my son right I'm gonna
raise my daughter right I'll get her
started on hot rides - do you like it do
you like it yeah look at that smile on
your face yeah you gonna drive huh yeah
you're gonna drive yeah like I said 1953
Pontiac chieftain with a 400 small-block
inside of it it is a running driving car
and it has some pretty cool Lakeside
pipes there it's a grocery getter it's a
four-door I traded the 65 Ford pickup
truck for it reason being because I
wanted to have something I can take the
family around cruising in what are you
doing where are you going what were you
doing you gonna drive around in the hot
rod
go drive around huh nope can't see very
good in there let's open up the door and
here's the back seats yeah add some seat
belts back here so I can put the kids in
strap the seats down
yeah
I've started it up but since my
daughter's in the car I don't want to
take any chances
pretty cool car I do say so myself
Isabella can you see by hot riders you
see by hot rodders okay I'll say it
the next time hot rod I'll take it easy
out there